If the bid is unsuccessful
Can your engagement be cancelled?
At weddings, our Ruonan likes to joke
Ruonan, don't worry.
The auction will be successful
And I heard there will be a famous girlfriend tonight
What surname?
His identity is very respected
Can observe this day in shopping malls all over the world
Call the wind and call the rain
I'll introduce him to you tonight
If you can get the appreciation of that big guy
Your future is limitless
That's great.
I have something else to do
You have a good rest first
Nourish the spirit
Be on time tonight
Thank you life
Why don't you go for a walk?
Who is the dead girl looking at?
You give me good company with her tonight
Master, go check it out
The woman named Gao Ruonan
You said it was Miss Gao's family
He does things seriously
But the Gao family favors boys over girls
Didn't pay attention to him
So the right to go bankrupt
He can only marry Lin Weiting
Only the Gao family can come back to life
Humph
A company on the verge of bankruptcy
In this boast of tens of billions of dollars a year to fill the support
If I win the bid tonight
What happens?
Zero point, as long as you can't grab the project
The engagement between Lin Weiting and Gao Ruonan
Don't say ok